I have no welcome back to another video
I hope you doing really good and you are
safe and well at the moment today I just
wanted to pick up a camera and do like a
day in the life kind of video just take
you along whilst I'm at home we're all
quarantined I'm going to take you
through a home workout and I did this
lower body session that I'm about to do
last week with Mason and I absolutely
killed him off so I wanted to share that
with you guys I woke up to 50,000 of you
beautiful people on my youtube today
which is just insane
I'm so grateful for you guys I also
released my recipe book this week which
I've just had the most crazy response to
and just beyond happy right now
like I just have the most supportive and
amazing followers which is you guys and
I'm just so thankful just got dressed
and ready and put some makeup on
there's so much better when you you know
you put a bit makeup on in the morning
it automatically way more productive but
I'm just gonna get straight into my
workout I'm gonna have some pre-workout
the sun is shining I'm absolutely loving
this weather and I've got quite a bit of
work to get through today and when I get
out on a walk eat some good food oh my
god
Mason I have made a roast for the past
two night my dad said he's your pudding
recipe and we've made it past you night
it's so so good but I feel like he was
put in today very bloated and brown this
morning say hello more than have that
toy since she was little baby baby
little puppy this is the outfit today
new Jean worth for a new day each other
this set I've gotten every color now
black gray and now this red really you
showing off
[Music]
[Applause]
so in that workout that is lit to up and
working with and this poll absolutely
nothing glamorous about this but it's
actually a really good because you can
jam-packed that with like weights and
stuff and any books like to make it
heavier cuz I was just feeling like the
weights I got were quite light and so
that's a really good use of thing and I
just put it over my shoulders it
difficult to lift up from the actual
ground but it works and I can just like
slop this underneath like that and you
know deadlift it and the squat and
everything so it's thankfully I've got
my trusty pole in my garden which is
actually so useful
tying this resistance rare resistance
band and you can get a really good
workout in but these little weights that
Mason actually have the cut light and
this little stepladder thing just finish
my lower body workout I was at an hour
and 20 out there and now one thing with
home workouts just really make sure that
you're feeling your actual muscle
contract especially if you have got
lighter weights like time and attention
is so important right now
make sure your form is correct I think
now more than ever if you are working
with lighter weights or bands or
anything then I would really say just
make sure you've got your form right you
can really feel it and just slow down
each movement and I've actually really
enjoying my workouts
I love getting creative that sort of
thing like don't describe what I use
like just get crazy with what you've got
I was so happy and I found that pole
thing the other day I've been doing I
had like a really good body workout get
a backpack or like a duffle bag and just
Ram it would like a load of books
instead and it's six movements I didn't
film the last one which was just some
kid like pull through with the band that
was just like a burner I just did as
many reps as possible and that was a
nice little finisher absolutely ravenous
now so I'm gonna make some breakfast I
love this though it's where like one
good thing about working out from home
is like it's just straight to the
kitchen no hassle my door is right there
I've got a little pee right now and I
have been writing a workout in a pad so
this is the second time I've done that
workout I did it
the other day with
I actually got scared him off you know
because he he did it with me and as you
undo that leg workout again so we were
both like oh my god
it was recolor today's I honor and I'm
gonna work out this evening but I think
it killed him and get heavier than I did
like he added more weight in the
backpack I've been adding all these
little measures because it is harder to
get motivated at home or I find so I
write down like messes and tick them off
one by one so that I'm not slacking and
just getting it done I obviously these
are amazing new page jokes I've done
this one Tahoe humaid nice awesome new
glute gluten-free rolled oats and
continents like huge 1kg bag
[Music]
I'm just gonna have more breakfast this
oh goodness
does anyone else do this it's like super
gorgeous and sunny out but it's really
cold so it was actually quite frosty
this morning sat on my laptop during the
day I get a bit nippy so I think I need
like some sort of cardigan other than
this because it's so bad like the
postman will come and here are my
dressing-gown it looks like I haven't
done anything I've had a delivery and
it's Penelope's food thank God but going
through the whole protocol disinfecting
everything she's been out of stock
online for ages really good today quite
a few guys have also got chow chow
like it's like snazzy resealable I've
just put her little bandana that's come
out of the wash it doesn't last too it's
because she just gets it absolutely
filthy but look how so I'm gonna try and
make like an iced coffee of some for
today you should just put ice in like a
couple whatever and then just like put
the coffee machine in it but I'm gonna
do like a frothy kinda like a cold
laughing you do this with just like
playing coffee you know like pouring
coffee into one cup with a little bit of
water and then I'm just gonna put some
milk in I'll show you
[Music]
put a bit of vanilla flavor drop in
these like my Holy Grail I think I
mentioned these is everything hopefully
to go at that and then eat shake it's
about a minute and a half as hard as you
can when I was 15 I don't mention it I
so need to do like a full like two nails
I worked in like a pub bar 15 years old
behind a bar really bizarre but like I
need owner there and they do not like
the cocktails no I think about just
perform routine use about every night 17
or 18 yeah she's with Israel either
coffee
definitely try this it's like a it's so
nice and frothy had a really productive
morning so far and and a lovely girl has
she attacked me in a chickpea recreation
and it honestly it makes my day you can
see didn't focus but it looks so so good
and that is probably my with people is
it was back holiday yesterday I'm
waiting for some deliveries I started
doing this new thing where I order like
loads of stuff off ebay mainly ordered a
lot of like home bits and bobs because I
don't you but you know since you've been
at home I just want to spruce up my
environment and just add a little bit
bars
I've got per nappy a bit like a new
harness that it's like more padded
because her one isn't very like and just
somewhat little hair accessories bit so
nice because it's like a surprise every
day and you know coz half this stuff
it's probably from China it takes weeks
months years to come and then you know
that I'm random days or whatever it's
just nice like a little surprise and it
feels like look presents had to rest
days in a row which I don't normally I
usually like it's like great familiar
back Holy Week and I just felt like my
body needed a rest like ah
these were workouts have been killing me
for days afterwards that I've we've been
the worst Dom's and stuff in a good way
so depressed that I had a really good
workout body feels recuperating make
sure you're also resting yourself like
that at least having one to two rest
days per week you'll notice a massive
difference in your recovery and also
like your lift and just your overall
performance when you train like God so a
video came up I don't know if it was on
Instagram or like timehop I think it was
my phone but it showed me myself like
two years ago and I had all my hair with
this was before I completely ruins my
hair and it's why I have my hair up all
the time now so I'm just trying to like
get it back to sog trees and but I had
all my natural at long dark hair and it
was so long and you know you could
actually share it to you like why did I
do it it was one of those moments this
is an old pig gonna be I'm just gonna
I'm gonna take and I'm gonna take Mason
up one of those almond iced coffees
because I hadn't tried it before I don't
know who
so I've just made my usual poached eggs
of car though that Lisa's got the same
[Music]
alright I'm not Loki trying to hide my
jo sukh you know I've just been doing
some work with my vanilla candle which
smells amazing I always like lighting a
candle whenever I'm on the laptop you
know then days where you just seem to
get you to do this turn quite quickly
that's been one of those which we love
I'm just going to edit this video and
track it up for as soon as possible so
that is what I've been up to something I
have been trying recently is not going
on my phone whilst I'm working so I just
end up getting so distracting are in the
middle of something burner phone and
then I can't get back in the zone so
I've mentioned as I've been meditating
and just doing a YouTube world which is
just a 10-minute guided myth and I
always like to put my headphones in as
well
[Music]
so just finished my meditation I always
feel so amazing afterwards I'll leave
the one that I did linked below for you
to try out and even if you just give it
a try I would really recommend it just
makes you feel so much more relaxed I'm
just about to head out on a walk and I'm
gonna make some dinner afterwards
I don't think want to take my camera
with me so I'm gonna end this vlog here
but now he's just cleaning up in the
background if you haven't already don't
forget to Like and subscribe and if
you've got any video recommendations
then let me know in the comments down
below and I'll see you guys in the next
video